img-size: 3:2

img1
title-	Game of Thrones
type-	Action, Adventure, Drama
about-	Nine noble families fight for control over the lands of Westeros, while an ancient enemy returns after being dormant for millennia.

Seven noble familes fight for control of the mythical land of Westrros. Friction between the houses leads to full-scale war. All while a verry ancient evil awakens in the farthest north. Amidst the war, a neglected miltary order of misifits, the Night's watch, is all that stands between the realms of men and the icy horrors beyond.

img2
title-	Breaking Bad
type-	Crime, Drama, Thriller
about-	A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine in order to secure his family's future

img3
title-	Dexter
type-	Crime, Drama, Mystery
about-	He's smart. He's lovable. He's Dexter Morgan, America's favorite serial killer, who spends his days solving crimes and nights committing them. Golden Globe winner Michael C. Hall stars in the hit SHOWTIME Original Series


img4
title-	How I Met Your Mother
type-	Comedy, Romance
about-	A father recounts to his children - through a series of flashbacks - the journey he and his four best friends took leading up to him meeting their mother

img5
title-	The Twilight Saga: New Moon
type-	Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
about-	Edward leaves Bella after an attack that nearly claimed her life, and, in her depression, she falls into yet another difficult relationship - this time with her close friend, Jacob Black

img6
title-	Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2
type-	Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
about-	Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes 	in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwart

img7
title-	X-Men: The Last Stand
type-	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
about-	The human government develops a cure for mutations, and Jean Gray becomes a darker uncontrollable persona called the Phoenix who allies with Magneto, causing escalation into an all-out battle for the X-Men

img8
title-	Ice Age
type-	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
about-	The story revolves around sub-zero heroes: a woolly mammoth, a saber-toothed tiger, a sloth and a prehistoric combination of a squirrel and rat, known as Scrat.

img9
title-	Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol
type-	Action, Adventure, Thriller
about-	The IMF is shut down when it's implicated in the bombing of the Kremlin, causing Ethan Hunt and his new team to go rogue to clear their organization's name.

img10
title-	The Mummy
type-	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
about-	At an archaeological dig in the ancient city of Hamunaptra, an American serving in the French Foreign Legion accidentally awakens a mummy who begins to wreak havoc as he searches for the reincarnation of his long-lost love

img11
title-	Toy Story 4
type-	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
about-	The toys are mistakenly delivered to a day-care center instead of the attic right before Andy leaves for college, and it's up to Woody to convince the other toys that they weren't abandoned and to return home

img12
title-	Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones
type-	 Action, Adventure, Fantasy
about-	Ten years after initially meeting, Anakin Skywalker shares a forbidden romance with Padmé Amidala, while Obi-Wan Kenobi investigates an assassination attempt on the senator and discovers a secret clone army crafted for the Jedi